lolcards
========

lol card game

The card game is a mix of the Star Wars CCG, Magic, and Pokemon TCG mechanics.

Deck mechanics are similar to that of the Star Wars CCG or the WARS TCG. You
have three decks: A main deck, a resource deck, and a used deck. Main deck
starts with all cards. You draw your opening hand from here. Beginning of each
turn you move some cards from the main deck to the resource deck. In order to
play a card you must 'pay' its deploy cost by moving cards from the resource
deck to the used deck. At the end of your turn, the used deck cycles to the 
bottom of the main deck, completing the cycle. There is also a discard deck or 
pile for when cards must be discarded from play.

Character cards attack other character cards and, depending on defense value
and attack values, can do damage to each other. Each character card has health
values and when it drops to zero they are discarded (you would keep track of
this in real world by using counters). Character cards can either be 'exposed'
or 'defending' and can move from one state to another in the move phase. 
'Exposed' basically means they are out in the open and can be attacked by 
anyone. 'Defending' means they are in the back or 'tower hugging' and can only 
be attacked by enemy cards that are 'exposed'.

Towers are in essence defending character cards that attack when character cards
are 'defending' and retaliate against other cards that are attacking 'defending'
characters. You will start with three and once these are gone you can attack 
the opposing players 'life', which will be the main deck. When the opposing 
players main deck is depleted you win the game. Tower cards are always 
'defending' and can not move.

(Not all card types implemented yet) There will be different card types.
'Character' cards do battle, 'tactics' cards will be cards you can interrupt
gameplay with for characters to do things, 'spell' cards will be have varying
effects, 'weapon' and 'armor' cards will enhance your character cards stats.
Possibly more but these should be the main ones.